set mouse
set autoindent
set multibuffer
set smarthome
set smooth
set tabsize 4
include ~/.nano/awk.nanorc
include ~/.nano/python.nanorc
include ~/.nano/asm.nanorc
include ~/.nano/xml.nanorc
include ~/.nano/objc.nanorc
include ~/.nano/php.nanorc
include ~/.nano/cmake.nanorc
include ~/.nano/man.nanorc
include ~/.nano/perl.nanorc
include ~/.nano/c.nanorc
include ~/.nano/debian.nanorc
include ~/.nano/mgp.nanorc
include ~/.nano/css.nanorc
include ~/.nano/ruby.nanorc
include ~/.nano/tcl.nanorc
include ~/.nano/patch.nanorc
include ~/.nano/makefile.nanorc
include ~/.nano/html.nanorc
include ~/.nano/nanorc.nanorc
include ~/.nano/mutt.nanorc
include ~/.nano/pov.nanorc
include ~/.nano/ocaml.nanorc
include ~/.nano/gentoo.nanorc
include ~/.nano/groff.nanorc
include ~/.nano/tex.nanorc
include ~/.nano/java.nanorc
include ~/.nano/sh.nanorc
include ~/.nano/fortran.nanorc
